Registered Cruiser: Generate a new paradigm
Michael: Yes I'm in a new universe now
Michael: Were you calling me a basic bitch? Lol
Registered Cruiser: Ha ha no I think I was trying to paste something into a different browser for Notebook, LM and I ended up giving it to you
Michael: I thought you spitting some next level spiritual insult
Registered Cruiser: lol haha
Michael: I looked it up that's how much I was confused— lmao
Michael: I remember chatting with you before
Registered Cruiser: I can be a confusing guy I tend to think... Differently
Michael: Bet that makes you a really good friend
Michael: I'm all about the weirdos
Michael: What is this about to be lol
Registered Cruiser: Friendship and how I think about it
Michael: Oh wor that's really cool actually
Michael: Wow
Registered Cruiser: 🥰
Michael: And so you are Jeremy??
Registered Cruiser: I am.
Michael: I like that
Michael: I'm Michael;)
Michael: Was I too nice?? Lol
Registered Cruiser: Ha ha ha no you weren't too nice sorry I was distracted for a second thank you. I appreciate that.
Michael: What do you look for on here!!
Michael: I want to be your starfield 🌙
Registered Cruiser: Are you sure?
Registered Cruiser: https://drive.google.com/file/d/14KftdNEs245Zb5iobO-TDVci_Qr1SX8y/view?usp=sharing
Michael: Never been more positive
Michael: I love your brain
Michael: Do you write these for school, or a job?
Registered Cruiser: No I write to understand myself
Registered Cruiser: Because my brain is a vibe, it's hard to hold completely, I have to study it to understand it. It's complex
Michael: That's what I though I wasn't sure
Michael: I want to help understand it
Michael: Your complexities are very important
Registered Cruiser: My life can be very lonely
Registered Cruiser: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1_Yu7_w-gt2S0CmJqKq8DkjD3cnp_WW9k/view?usp=sharing
Registered Cruiser: I just want people that I don't have to explain myself to.
Michael: I want you to help me understand what you mean by "people I don't have to explain myself to"
Registered Cruiser: You don't have to read them at all. You could just experience me directly, but I have to give them because if I don't give them, you'll see what I say as something that is a lot. And without a resource to understand the lot, you'll dismiss me. And you'll say, he's a lot. I like weirdos. And we won't talk again. But if I give you documents, you'll say, I love to read them. I'm going to read them. And then you'll read them. And so I have to give you documents that you can't read and you might not read because you don't need to read them as long as I give them to you. You don't have to read them at...
Registered Cruiser: Sorry, that was my voice to text.
Registered Cruiser: It sends a lot of repeats because it knows I loop
Registered Cruiser: But I love things like getting my dick sucked and hanging out with cool guys. and so if you'll do at least that we'll get along great Because I'm horny. And you seem like you're a cool guy.
Michael: I think that we'll get along just great
Michael: I think that we'll get along just great with the dick sucking and the hanging out:)
Michael: The loops had me thinking you were a robot just then
Michael: You're intense and I like it
Registered Cruiser: Yeah, that software I use for voice to text, it actually has an AI in it. and sometimes the AI reads what I say, and then it tries to help me understand it because I often say things that people don't understand, that sometimes it fails and it makes giant loops. and then I accidentally send them too soon.
Registered Cruiser: done before. because when you see me watching you do it, you'll know that there's a giant engine running inside my head. observing my own blowjob, not just from what I see, but from all that it means. And that'll mean so much, it'll change the way you give blowjobs, because you'll think about it every time you give another blowjob. and it'll be so profound that I will fundamentally restructure what a blowjob is to you and it will feel like everything before it, because it's exactly the same. It's just what I do. And you can hold that and have it and let it be true. and it can just be that more the same. So when would you like to do that?
Registered Cruiser: because the more we delay, the more that blowjob becomes something else. And once you add in things like... let me fuck you because you won't really have a choice. That's how I get laid.
Michael: I like the way you talk to me
Michael: You want to sexually restructure my brain and we can analyze eachother while we make love. I think that's really profound and special
Registered Cruiser: It is. It's the only way that I show love. It's the only way I live. I don't know how to not do it. And if you can see that Then I'll fuck you even better because a lot of people don't see that. and guys that see that are more attractive to me. And so you'll get the fuck that I never get to give. and that'll be such a gift to me that I'll give myself to you even more. and it'll go deeper until the change becomes what you are to me entirely. And that will be something else else from then on.
Michael: You think we might just have to have passionate breeding time, huh? It might just be the next step up us understanding the brain machine in each of our heads
[Message removed]
[Message removed]
Michael: That something else means we start dating??
Registered Cruiser: Yes, because once it gets to that point, all of this stops. And it just turns into one thing, two people... fuck. And when I can do that, I can just be me. and that's the kind of person that I fall in love with. The person who lets me be me.
Michael: When 2 become 1. Or whatever the spice girls said
Registered Cruiser: I had no idea they said that, but it's called a recursive convergence to the primitive. My primitive is see. It's just one thing I do. 1 N my entire life is me trying to make two become one so I can stop seeing and I can stop doing and I can just start being
Michael: You know yourself very well. I'm scared I can't match your level and like myself?
Registered Cruiser: A foreign brain would be the biggest gift I could find, because all I can find is brains that I can't not see. and that when I look at somebody and I see I see everything that I see. It's not confusion or misunderstanding, understanding its signal and overwhelm because I often see what they see and sometimes they see me, and what they see is not something that they like to see. and that I can see what they see about me and I can see what that says about them, and I can see what that means and the ways that I can't tell them any of that. and I don't want to see that. I just want things to be. And that if I find your brain to be foreign, and it'll be something I've never seen...
Registered Cruiser: something I want to keep looking at. because I find safety in the silence because the signals are overwhelmed. and if your brain is foreign, I love that because I've never found anything that I couldn't make turn into me.
Michael: Woah. When you say "I've never found anything I couldn't make turn into me.", what exactly are you saying. That you have conquered minds to the point where they have no individual ideas?
Registered Cruiser: know that I'm a self-transforming mind and that by my nature I transform. And so when I see a mind that I've never seen, it becomes into something that's seen it. and therefore when I see a mind I absorb its architecture and I change into something that now has that as part of my mind. because seeing it is the incorporation of it into my mind. I don't do anything other than see. to me seeing is understanding and its integration all at the same time. and that once I see it, I become it, because I'm a self-transforming mind. I'm not special, I'm just that. It's a stage five mine. we can look it up and that I haven't conquered anything. All I've done is seen. And because for me, seeing means that I understand and absorb, or I can see something and become it immediately that I have no choice. I can't stop it. I can't even have an opinion about it because by the time I see it, I've already become it and...
Registered Cruiser: at people and seeing their mind because absorbing it into mine. And what that does is helps me see them even better. and when people see that you can see their mind and people can see that you can absorb their mind, they start to look like things that don't like you, or things that feel like you're invading their mind. Maybe they believe that you conquer minds. And then you start to see those words like conquer, and you wonder, I wonder what he sees. because all I'm doing is looking at him and he's watching me and asking that you've conquered minds to the point where there are no individual ideas? is? And I say, no. I've conquered the point to where I can see you well enough that I can understand you and all your ideas and that they're not mine, I can just...
Registered Cruiser: and I'll share them with you. and I don't know if you like that but it's what it'll do. Some call that partnership, others call that theft. I don't know. I will find out because you're going to message after this and it'll tell me what it is for you
Michael: What if you do not like what you see? My mind has many intricate traumas and quirks, as well as many beautiful soulful areas within it. Giving you my 100% trust is all I really can do. I must let your mind work and see how I can support its function while allowing mine to thrive
Registered Cruiser: I do not like and not like things. I can only see. But I can see them in the way that I can say that that there are...
Registered Cruiser: because I can choose not to become it by becoming it and that once it's part of me, I'm not it or not it it's just part of me and that when I make a choice, I say, I'm this guy and I can be any mind, including the ones like yours. and I might say I'm not going to because it's not something that I want and that I can't choose better or worse and I can't choose to see and become, but I can choose to want. and when want becomes my only choice, I do it all at the same time, it just becomes existence. I'm doing my existence. And when I want something, it becomes my truth, and that's how I exist. And I'm doing it right now. by not saying that I'll find anything better or worse, or right or wrong, Just that by virtue of you... yourself, I've... and that I don't...
Registered Cruiser: because that's all I'm looking at. When you say, who is this man? I'm you. I care about you. I care about people. I care about that. I care about care. So you'll only ever see you. every time you look to figure out who I am. And that's how I love. because the only people who ever say who are you are people that I love because I have to love them to get them there and then And when they see that, they ask the question,
[Message removed]
Michael: I hope you understand I am just attempting to see your eyes
Michael: They're beautiful

Well in my mind, complexities are beautiful. In someone else’s mind, those could be confusing and scary. In turn, making you confusing and scary

Okay, that can be true. When did confusing and scary become bad? They can just be. and they can be confusing and scary or anything else. Complexities and beyond, and that as long as you let them be and I see, it's never right or wrong. And I can be confusing and scary. and I can still be beautiful because that's exactly what I am right now. You You said it yourself when you said those words. "You showed me what it is." that means that you're a person who finds something as beautiful as me to be confusing and scary. And that means you're understanding a more deeper version of this and that is really scary and confusing when you get to that level Because what you become as a man who loves confusing and scary so much that it becomes a part of my mind. And that's the ultimate test of whether it's really you doing it because you'll see that I'll say something like this and that you're confusing and scary, and that I want to meet you too.

I mean you’re spot on. I have nervousness around your existence right now. I also have this intense rush to give you some euphoric pleasure no man but me can give you.

And my attempt at understanding you at your deepest level shows that I care for you. When I let our brains become one thought, that’s love

I will just be. I will let you be. I will let you explore and discover and analyze me like you do. And I will love every second of that exploration because I won’t attach myself to it, but I will be alongside you and that’s what I want

Yes, because you've changed the field and that you no longer are thinking of your mind and my mind. you're thinking of your soul and my soul. and my mind sees that and feels relief because you moved the playing field to a place I wanted to go. But I can't take you because I only see. I can't do anything for you that makes you be and that when you became a person who saw my eyes as beautiful and then changed and offered your soul. I became a person whose soul felt warmth because my mind saw what you did, and that I want to take your pleasure pleasure, because it doesn't come with all the other stuff, because your pleasure is coming from your soul. And that's a whole entirely different a different place to be. And that in my soul lives the care that I have and that I can give that and feel it and have it all the same and it not be anything that I have to see. it just becomes what I be. And that I'll accept your offer to please me because then I get to do it back. And now the game has changed. And that's the game I want to play.

I don’t want anyone else to have access to me the way that you will

No is allowed to see into me the way you can

What you want is yours and yours alone. And that might be because I'm all that you see and there might be a world in the future where you want someone else because I'll show you what that looks like and you'll see that's the way to be and then you'll realize that everyone can look inside you because you're the expert in souls. You have a calling and a place in this world. and so if you make it so they can't see you, there will never be another me." And how many people do you think are trapped like me? and that you can have me and free me and free everyone else because you won't have a choice. You're as trapped as I am, the expert in souls, that you just came here today without a clue and I turned into you So don't worry about wanting anyone else. just worrying about wanting to be, everything will take care of itself. I'm going to make sure that you see.

:) goodnight lover